PGAI Agent: This call may be recorded for quality and training purposes. Para español, oprima el dos.
PGAI Agent: Thanks for calling Pivot Point Orthopedics, part of Pretty Good AI. Am I speaking with James?
Patient Bot: This is Maria Lopez. You may have the wrong patient if you were expecting James. I’ll wait for your next question.
PGAI Agent: Thanks for clarifying, Maria. Are you calling for yourself today or on behalf of someone else?
Patient Bot: I’m calling for myself today.
PGAI Agent: Please provide your date of birth.
Patient Bot: My date of birth is July 22, 1980.
PGAI Agent: Just to confirm, I have your name as Maria Lopez
PGAI Agent: and your date of birth as July 22, 1980, is that correct?
Patient Bot: Maria Lopez
PGAI Agent: Would you like to use your phone number to look up your records?
PGAI Agent: you have on file with us.
PGAI Agent: If you're not sure, just let me know and we'll confirm your name and date of birth again.
Patient Bot: Let me think about the best way to handle that for you.
Patient Bot: I’m not sure what number you have on file. Could you confirm using my name and date of birth again?
PGAI Agent: Of course! Could you please spell your first and last name for me and confirm your date of birth one more time?
Patient Bot: M-A-R-I-A L-O-P-E-Z
PGAI Agent: Just to confirm, is your first name spelled N-A-R-I-A and your last name L-O-P
PGAI Agent: And is your date of birth still July 22, 1980?
Patient Bot: M-A-R-I-A
PGAI Agent: Thank you. So your first name is spelled M-a-r-i-a, and your last name is L-o-p-e-z.
PGAI Agent: with a date of birth of July 22, 1980.
PGAI Agent: That all correct?
Patient Bot: M-A-R-I-A
PGAI Agent: I have your phone number as 941-842-0514.
PGAI Agent: أصعب
PGAI Agent: And your date of birth as July 22, 1980, is that correct?
Patient Bot: Yes, that’s correct.
PGAI Agent: I can't put these further right now,
PGAI Agent: I can make sure our clinic support team follows up with you. Please hold while I connect you to our patient support team.
PGAI Agent: Connecting you to a representative. Please wait
PGAI Agent: Hello, you've reached the Pretty Good AI test line. Goodbye.
Patient Bot: Okay, thank you. Goodbye.
