PGAI Agent: This call may be recorded for quality and training purposes. Para español, oprima el dos.
PGAI Agent: Thanks for calling Pivot Point Orthopedics.
PGAI Agent: Am I speaking with James?
Patient Bot: This is Maria Lopez, so you may have the wrong patient. Hi, I wanted to check if you take Blue Cross insurance.
PGAI Agent: Please provide the full name and date of birth of the patient you are calling about.
Patient Bot: My date of birth is July 22, 1980.
PGAI Agent: Just to confirm, I have your name as Maria Lopez and your date of birth
PGAI Agent: as July 22, 1980.
PGAI Agent: Is that correct? If so, please spell your first and last name for me.
Patient Bot: Yes, that’s correct. My name is spelled M-A-R-I-A, L-O-P-E-Z.
PGAI Agent: Could you please spell your first and last name for me?
Patient Bot: M-A-R-I-A L-O-P-E-Z
PGAI Agent: Thank you, Maria Lopez. Please confirm your date of birth for me.
Patient Bot: My date of birth is July 22, 1980.
PGAI Agent: Would you like to use a phone number to look up your record?
PGAI Agent: If so, please provide the number you have on file with us.
PGAI Agent: If you are not sure, I can confirm your name and date of birth again.
Patient Bot: Okay, let’s go with the phone number option to help you find my record.
Patient Bot: I’m not sure which phone number you have on file. Please confirm using my name and date of birth.
PGAI Agent: Please tell me the phone number you have on file with us.
Patient Bot: I’m not sure which phone number you have on file for me. Please confirm my record using my name and date of birth.
PGAI Agent: Let's confirm your information. Please spell your first and last name and state your date of birth once more.
Patient Bot: M-A-R-I-A L-O-P-E-Z
PGAI Agent: Thank you. Please confirm your date of birth.
Patient Bot: My date of birth is July 22, 1980.
PGAI Agent: I have your phone number as 941
PGAI Agent: Eight four two zero five one four.
PGAI Agent: And your date of birth is July 22, 1980?
PGAI Agent: Is that correct? If so, please confirm the spelling of your first and last name one more time.
Patient Bot: I already gave you how to spell my name, but M-A-R-I-A L-O-P-E-Z
