PGAI Agent: This call may be recorded for quality and training purposes. Para español, oprima el dos.
PGAI Agent: Thanks for calling Pivot Point Orthopedics.
PGAI Agent: Part of Pretty Good AI.
PGAI Agent: Am I speaking with James?
Patient Bot: I think you may have the wrong patient—this is Marcus Webb. Hi, I hurt my ankle at work a couple days ago and I need to come in. My employer said it should go through workers' comp. Do you handle that?
PGAI Agent: Yes, Toth Point Orthopedics does handle workers' compensation cases.
PGAI Agent: I'll help you get scheduled for deployment. May I confirm?
PGAI Agent: Are you the patient who will be coming in?
Patient Bot: Yes, I’m the patient who will be coming in.
PGAI Agent: Please provide your date of birth.
Patient Bot: My date of birth is August 22, 1979.
PGAI Agent: Just to make sure I have your information correct, can you please spell your first and last name for me?
PGAI Agent: eğitimi
Patient Bot: M-A-R-C-U-S W-E-B-B
PGAI Agent: Thank you. Can you please spell your last name?
Patient Bot: W-E-B-B
PGAI Agent: Would you like to use your phone number to look up your record?
PGAI Agent: If so, please provide the number you have on file with us.
Patient Bot: 555-814-3309
PGAI Agent: If you're not sure, I can confirm your name.
Patient Bot: Okay, let me think about the best way to get you set up.
Patient Bot: If that number doesn’t pull me up, you can use my name and date of birth instead.
PGAI Agent: I have your phone number as 555
PGAI Agent: 814-3309, and your date of birth is August 22, 1979. Is that correct?
Patient Bot: Yes, that's correct.
PGAI Agent: I can't proceed further right now, but I can make sure our clinic support team
PGAI Agent: Fall is up with you.
Patient Bot: Okay. Could you have the clinic support team follow up with me?
PGAI Agent: Please stay on the line while I connect you to our patient support team.
PGAI Agent: Connecting you to a representative, please wait.
Patient Bot: Okay, I’ll
PGAI Agent: Hello, you've reached the Pretty Good AI test line. Goodbye.
Patient Bot: Goodbye.
